Hadi - Hassan - PCF launch 
Wed, Apr 23, 2025

2:56 - Unidentified Speaker you you Thank you.

5:21 - Hadi Ur Rehman Hello, howdy. Hi, Wayne.

5:55 - Dwayne Gibson One second.

6:11 - Dwayne Gibson Hey, guys.

6:21 - Unidentified Speaker Hey, Matthew.

7:49 - Dwayne Gibson Hold on one second.

7:54 - Unidentified Speaker Hello Hassan.

7:57 - Unidentified Speaker Hello everyone.

8:00 - hassan mir All right, we got everybody.

8:07 - Matthew Prisco All right, Hassan, we've already had our meeting from the, in terms of the projects base and the freelancer portal that we're putting together. So kind of the way I've divided the tasks is we have our kind of central command. How are we trying to manage all of the tasks that we have going on? And then now we're, you know, to hear your feedback about what we should be documenting for each individual project. Obviously, we want to identify what are the most important projects and assign those for documentation, but really we're trying to think about an overall strategy of what to document as a PCF in Airtable to show in the in the freelancer portal? And then what also should we be thinking about as complete documentation? And would we need to have that before we launch a project? Is this something that a project or product managers used to at least updating throughout the project? But does it typically get created before the project? And then we have projects that we've already completed that have either no documentation or limited documentation. So if we come up with a good system for all of this, then we can bring in, you know, assign more people just to do the documentation. Two, three, four people to do documentation. That's kind of the goal. So interested to hear what your feedback is just from the review you did so far, and then we can talk about one or two specific projects and what would the documentation look like for those.

10:22 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah, go ahead.

10:23 - Matthew Prisco I don't know, do you want to just make a quick introduction just for yourself so that Dwayne and Hadi know and then they can also introduce themselves?

10:36 - hassan mir Hello everyone. My name is hassan mir. I've been working as a project manager from last six, seven years. And currently I'm serving Saudi airline as a technical project manager here in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. And also I am PMP certified. And I think my skills and my technicalities will have helped Matthew in his overall documentation process and hoping for the best and hoping for to minimize and to process all the unprocessed tables, fields, and try to link all the documentation to their respective PCFS, which is project component or feature. So I overviewed yesterday all the tables, all the RAWs and projects. Some of them was project component, and features, but I found some thing about which I've shared you yesterday. And one of my observation is some of the projects are completed and considered to be ready for the documentation. And some, I would say that it's not completed and we need to find the relevant documentation, relevant solution, relevant what are the finalized requirements, it is not updated there. So you have mentioned two projects yesterday that we need to start working on it. And so I will start working on those two projects today and try to complete all the documentation and try to investigate and find all the related, correlated documentation and come up with a single document for this that single project.

12:32 - Matthew Prisco Okay, so the other part that may not be well structured or may not be completed in Airtable yet is the meetings that we've had. Typically when we launch a project, especially in the last one or year, year and a half, we've been using like we have on the call here, or read AI. So this itself is a PCF, is our documentation process would be either a feature or a component of some other, you know, the project of organizing and sharing this with freelancers. So it's almost meta that, yes, we're trying to create the documentation process, the PCF process, but it is itself a PCF that has links to others. So as we're doing here, I think of this as our launch call for the PCF process, which maybe that is a project, maybe it's a component. And for sure, something that we've already worked on, even though we hadn't really launched this, is what we've been calling the PCF writer automation. So Dwayne had originally come up with a prompt to try to take the recording from a key meeting, for sure from the launch meeting, possibly to identify other key meetings, take the transcripts from those and see if that is enough to give us a good, whatever we're trying to document in Airtable, objective of the PCS. What tools are we using? What is the general strategy? Which doesn't need to be perfectly detailed. I think just something that helps to share with whoever gets assigned the PCF at the time that we are starting. Can the same meetings also be used to do a draft of the longer documentation will also be something to explore using the PCF writer prompt. So maybe that's a good opportunity just for Dwayne to introduce himself, talk about what we've already been testing with the PCF writer prompt, and then also Dwayne will be able to do maybe later on, not just yet, but a screen share of of the air table bases that are relevant here. The table for PCFs I think is the most important. Just to have a look so we're all on the call and so that we can record it. What are the fields? Let's talk about those so that we can use even this meeting with the PCF writer prompt to try to get either the PCF filled or a draft done. And then even use just this exercise as a test run for the PCF writer. Dwayne?

16:01 - Dwayne Gibson Hey guys, my name is Dwayne Gibson. I wear a multitude of hats for the organization. I have been with Matthew since 2019? That's right. 2019. So in the current focus of the master projects portal and the PCFs, we have a very rudimentary prompt for a PCF writer and a concept behind it. Mainly, I would say we have the concept behind it. The concept being if we provide an LLM with the correct information it can write the project outline for us for this project and get the initial steps organized and ready to use. So what that looks like, what that you know involves meetings, involves manual steps All of that, we've had a couple of calls back and forth on that, but it all needs to be flushed out. So I think that's another value point that you guys will be able to add there with your experience. And after the call, I will share it unless you've already seen it, but after the call, I will share the prompt that we currently have. I think I have tested it once or twice. It's been a while.

17:41 - Matthew Prisco We've been kind of busy, but I think we've tested it once or twice when we first had the call about it and There's promise there's promise in the output that it generated so there's definitely something there All right, Hadi is also new to the team but in a different kind of role So he's he's been working with us since last week getting to know what we have from the data side, from the operations side, what are the projects, what is in the master projects base, and then what have we built as the project portal, which we want to have the managers have visibility into the PCFs we've created, who has been assigned what, the different documents, And then what is the version of that that an individual freelancer would be able to see their related PCFs, but also to streamline sharing credentials that are needed for depending on what they're working on. So obviously this intersects with the work that Hadi is focused on, but I thought it was important enough to have people who are just doing project management, product management, day in, day out, to provide their expertise and to help shape that side of the task. But it definitely is something that Hadi will be also on the channel and also on meetings like these.

19:30 - Hadi Ur Rehman Hadi, Okay, just a little introduction. As Matthew said, I joined the team last week. I have been focusing on understanding how the project portal and Airtable are set up. So till now, my role is to help organize the PCS, make sure everything is linked properly. Support improving how the system works for both freelancers and managers. So basically, these are the things I'm working on. And yeah, it's great to hear about your experience. It seems like you can be a great asset for the team.

20:27 - Matthew Prisco And welcome to the team, man. Okay, so I think maybe in terms of the next steps, maybe let's talk about how we might use or how I conceptually might use the PCF writer prompt in a manual sense first and then how we would look to automate it. So the PCF itself, we would be saying what is the objective for the PCF writer? Which maybe we'll try to have this same meeting to produce the documentation for project management as a project maybe the PCF writer is a component or a feature we'll need to establish or tell the prompt what we're trying to get it to write but the idea is that in our project base in master projects we have a table for meetings so on every meeting that we're using read AI is creating a meeting report that meeting report is shareable there's a URL associated with that meeting report so when we organize the meetings if it's one of the core meetings unless we're just going to throw it away we would process the meeting meaning add it to Airtable, to the meetings table. Ideally, we would want to have an automation to extract some information from that. Right now, we don't have that, but we would put at least the whatever we want to name the meeting, we need to rename it in read AI. We would need to put a name for the meeting also in the meeting table, put the URL for the meeting. We need to know that in read AI we need to make it shareable because the default is that it's not shareable outside of logging into to read AI. So after this we'll have to share examples or Hassan should look for the examples of the meetings. He'll be tagged as having been on this meeting for sure. The other part that we want to get out of the meeting report it's is the transcript of the meeting. So I think we're doing that manually right now. It's right there in the meeting report, but we would copy and paste that into a long text field in Airtable so that in the PCF writer prompt, if we're doing it manually, we would need to copy and paste into a section of the prompt, the text from the meetings that we think are relevant, and then run the prompt and see what kind of output we can get. So we're telling it in the prompt, these are the sections that we are trying to get for this PCF, objectives, Dwayne if I miss any definitely chime in, objectives, what tools we're looking to use, what is the general strategy or approach, I forget what other we we had added but whatever we want there to be in the PCF table we can have the PCF writer is going to give us a value to put into that table that was one of the points of focus of the previous meeting chicken or the egg situation we need to know what feels need to exist on the PCF table to instruct the PCF writer to do his job.

24:20 - Dwayne Gibson But we need to solidify those fields before we can give it to the PCF writer. So we have a set of fields, but they're not, they haven't been locked down yet. Right. Well, you can use that as an indicator.

24:35 - Matthew Prisco Those are the ones that seem important to me. So let's start with those and then see what else is in the table. See Hassan thinks that those would be, you know, valuable or would be the right type of information that someone in his position would need to see. So, you know, we can put on our imaginary hat here and say, okay, Hassan, we're going to assign three projects to you. You're just going to get the PCF. You were not involved in creating the project. Or anything like that, here it is. What would be helpful for you to see in your project portal, which would be less information obviously than the draft of the complete product specifications document, or we can have a whole separate discussion about what standardization we would need to see in a Google Doc that has you know, maybe more similarity to JIRA and more similarity to Confluence, or Confluence, however it's pronounced. But that we, even if just for getting this tested, we use just the fields that I said, what is the objective of the PCF, what tools, what approach, let's start there. And then we can add other fields to the air table, we can delete any of the fields Which like I said, I still don't know what we have in there, and it's it's very easy to put that in the prompt So we're gonna have to do some testing manually first at least if we're gonna start testing this now we would need to But what I would imagine is that we would trigger the PCF writer Automation inside of n8n n8n run it would be able to take all of the associated or linked fields so for example all of the meeting transcripts for all of the linked meetings it would be able to put that into the prompt that's where we would store the prompt itself so we need to be working or editing what is the prompt but if we test that manually to get it to a certain point, then we give it to our N8N team. They will put the prompt and the expected output. What fields do we need to get back? This is something that's more about managing text, so we would give it some specifications of what each field should say or not say, give three sentences, give whatever that we want to give it to get systematic responses to the PCFs, we can organize that through the prompt and then also through the validation steps in N8N. So for sure, we should be picturing that at scale, this is something that we would trigger. I imagine from the PCF table, we would have a button that can pass that record to N8N using all of the link records and get all of it easily into the N8N workflow so that it can give us hopefully a pretty consistent PCF draft just from one button. So we're going to need to look at, like Dwayne said, what exactly do we want as a field for each PCF. And then we'll start working on setting up N8N to use the prompt. So we need to draft the prompt, work on the prompt, test a few of these manually using, I think we were having a discussion about would we, want to give it just the meeting transcripts and say, write a PCF. I think that sometimes the meetings cover more than just that PCF. And also that I think a good experienced project manager would be able to give their own expectations. So rather than having to draft the whole PCF, you could start putting what the key points are, the things that you want to make sure get put in the PCF can be added as a part of the automation. So key points could just be a notes field that would get added into a certain point of the prompt. So we would have a window where we paste the whole transcript of any of the meetings. Then underneath it would be the the user's input. We want this for this PCF. I think this is important. Make sure this happens. And the workflow and the prompt would be designed to incorporate both the meeting context and then also any of the instructions or the guidance that are coming at the point of running the automation. So that's kind of talking about what would the PCF writer automation look like, but I think for purposes of the AI audit and for purposes of the transformation engine, with hassan, we should pick one of those. Maybe he can look at both and say which one he has a clearer picture of what what the PCF would look like, So we'll start with one of the two of those and do it manually. What would you take this whole automation thing out of the equation? We will share the meetings. You could watch the meetings that we've already talked about these products in detail and try the prompt. Put the transcript into ChatGPT. Let's start working from what we have in Airtable. Try to get values for those fields. Maybe we try to, we can eliminate some of those fields or we need to add some fields, but I think the next steps are for Hassan to pick one and then start doing some of this manually, but with the intention that we're doing it manually so that we can put the prompt into N8n, so that we can set up N8n to take the meeting transcripts and anything else that we find would be helpful for this. Does that picture kind of align with what you could see us wanting to follow, hassan? Yeah, I got your point here.

32:06 - hassan mir I will pick one of the projects which you have mentioned and we'll start working on the fields and try to get the value from those fields and as I suggested yesterday, few fields I feel there are few fields which is irrelevant and there are the most important fields and there are the most irrelevant fields which shouldn't be there because it is unnecessary expanding the table and the motive of the fields should be related to the content. I see yesterday that some fields are indicating like stories and points and there are not relevant content of the PCFS into that field. So we need to eliminate some fields, we need to add some fields and make this whole table and documentation AI prompt will work. Once we have our element and mandatory data for the fields, then it is very helpful and it is very productive for the prompt or AI tool or the writer to make the initial draft of the document. So yes, today I will, now I will start working on one of the project and try to get the values, try to get the details and information of that project or component or feature. So, After this, I will share my observation with you that this is the final summarized key points of that project and we need to, if I feel something that we need to add, we need to laminate, then I'll let you know about this. Okay.

33:56 - Matthew Prisco All right.

33:56 - Matthew Prisco Then I think the next step is I can give a brief, you know, maybe two minute explanation of what each of those projects do. So you can hear sort of my perspective on that. Also will help to inform which one you might be more interested in or you think might be a better first use case for this. So the AI audit or AI enrollment audit, I forget how we have it in the project base. The idea there is that our clients are using benefit administration platform, which is supposed to be the source of truth for what employees are enrolled in, which benefits. Um, and then it also has information about what the monthly cost or premium is the insurance term for what the cost is. What should the, who should be enrolled in what, and what is the monthly cost that you should see on the invoice for each of their insurance carriers. So you want to make sure that you're only paying for the employees who are supposed to be enrolled. And if you have an employee who left the company, you need to make sure that their coverage is terminated, is ended, that it doesn't go months and months that you didn't remember to terminate them from the bill. And then at some point, you're not going to get that money back. So we want to make a scalable process so that if we, on a monthly basis, take a file from the Benadmin system and store that in our project workbook. That's called the Benadmin master tab in the Google Sheet template. So each client would get a workbook to manage everything for the year. There's the Benadmin master that gets the source of truth for the enrollments, but also for the deductions. So that's how much is coming out of the employee's paycheck. If they need to contribute towards the cost, that amount also needs to be correct. If that amount is too much, the employee's probably going to notice and tell you, and you need to fix it. If the amount is too little, they're probably not going to tell you, but it may still be wrong. So we want to give a scalable way to check that the enrollments match the carrier invoices and that the deductions match what's actually in payroll. So therefore we need on a monthly basis the most recent data for each of these three components. So we have a master then admin tab, master payroll tab, and master So now we're trying to organize how do we gather and store and then process all of the invoices for each carrier for each client. So we're building some automations to gather those. Or for now, if we're just going to upload it manually to the table, what are the links to the other tables related to the project and Then to have an automation that either we trigger or that it can automatically run to process the invoice data and move it to the invoice master tab. Then there's the payroll data. We're trying to make it so that we have an API feed from an industry aggregator. That's one way to get the monthly data or we could also a file however we can get it, try to transform it and then add that data to the payroll tab. Then we have inside of the workbook a formula that it takes all of the data that's relevant to each month and creates a monthly tab. So we would just need to have it make sure we're getting the data from all three sources. It will automatically sort to each monthly tab, and then once each monthly tab is ready, then we have an AI component that's going to take the fields and ask, using N8n, and ask, do these match? If there's a mismatch, what is the amount, and what is the reason? So there's things that we'll need to test on exactly the output that we want to get from the LLM when there is not a match. We still need to work on that part. There's three automations that will go into this. One, create the Google Sheet, the workbook for the client for the year. Two, process each of the invoices and put it on the correct workbook. Three, run the monthly audit for each client each month. So I think, you know, That's about the level of detail that I need to get into, but you can see this is very structured. We already have accomplished most of this. It's very clear what it would take to document this at this point. Now, I don't know if we would have tried to document this when it started, how close we stayed, where we made different choices along the way. But at this point, I think it would be straightforward to document. This. And it's very important for us to get this ready to use with clients as soon as we can. So that's why I picked this project. Then we've got what we're now calling the transformation engine. This is now the next level of a project that we've already completed and we've already been using, which probably still in the project base is called Megasensus. So we created a similar concept, a Google Sheet template, so that every time we want to transform one of the what we call input formats that we were familiar with, we were getting a few types of files over and over again, and then needing to transform those into a few different file formats. Over and over again. So we made a very, I think, rigid transformation that said, if you give us exactly this file, we can make it into every other format that we might want. And then we can take the format that we need. We've gotten some use out of that. It's been helpful. But now with N8n and with AI, now the vision is, how do we take any file that we received, as long as it has the data that we need for a certain output or for a certain function, we can, without running the file through AI completely, identify what are the fields in this file based on the headers or one or two lines of data, map that to the fields that are required for the desired output and then rather than having the whole file go through an LLM and try to convert it, sometimes I'll give a pretty concrete example for gender. Maybe we get that from a spreadsheet that says M or F for male and female. Maybe it says the full word male or female. That's the same thing in terms of the desired output formats, but then the formats they too maybe need to be in a specific version of just the one letter MF or the full word. So we need to have a system that without running the whole file through AI can map the fields then once it's mapped run regex or maybe a Python script or something that says Okay, we know what these fields are and we've written rules that can transform any likely input that we're not sure exactly what the format's going to be, but we can gather or transform the common ways that may appear in that file as long as we know what column is which, and then we can create either a direct output file by telling that we need this format for different fields, or which fields to include, which order to include them, so we can build these scalable output formats in Airtable, I believe, assign which transformation rules or formats are needed for each of the output formats, and then tell it, this input and give it to us in this format and this format and this format or whatever we want however many formats we need it in. Now we also would want it to have the option but not the requirement where if we want to create a workbook to either store the transformation to our standard format or if we need to make some manual edits Or if we need to add other data from other sources that weren't on the main file, we can now aggregate it by a unique identifier to add it to the file in progress. Then at the end, we could request the final transformation or the final format, not from just the initial file, but from the intermediate file from the Google that we've created and possibly that we've edited or added data from other sources. So I think this one is certainly we don't have the solution yet for all of these pieces. Right now we're focusing on the mapping portion. I think we have a proof of concept on that. I need to have a meeting later today on that. I'm optimistic that we could have N8N itself make the transformation by rerunning the file using the regex expressions or however n8n needs to store it, then we would need to work on how does it pull the required output formats and any rules associated with those. That is not as clear to me what that will look like, but I just have a general sense that this is going to be possible through n8n. In this case, this is one that we're going to be actively working on that is going to take collaboration for a few different people that would benefit from some ongoing project management. I guess both of them probably would because we haven't finished either of them, but those are the two projects that I wanted to get into some detail. I don't know if we've started a product document outside of just the PCF, I don't know if we've documented the core LLM prompts that we're already using. They're already in N8n. We would want those to be in Airtable as AI prompts or the table that we have there. And that we would actually give also the text of any prompts to the PCF writer part of the PCF process are just some concepts that we can explore. So I think that's all that I was hoping to cover. I don't want it to get too long so that Hassan can go back and one, can re-watch the meeting, but also inside of a read. I don't know if a third party user, maybe you can check on this if they can ask questions from the report or if they need to be logged in fully to read. Both of those we could give us on the login if it's helpful, but that's Let's see, I'm trying now. Yeah, you'd have to make sure that you're logged out. I think I need a window.

47:28 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

47:29 - Dwayne Gibson It does not look like it has the LLM powered search.

47:38 - Matthew Prisco That's probably a good thing overall in terms of protecting stuff. So if that's something that Hassan would want to explore, we can give him the login. Again, the credentials, just put the read credential as linked to Hassan. Hadi, one of your follow-ups from this is going to be to pay particular attention to how Hassan's profile and tables and how he gets linked in the Airtable base, what that looks like for his login for the portal. And then potentially we would give him also manager functionality so that he can see all of the PCFs, not just the ones that that he's been assigned to are probably the way we would want to do it, but that's something that we don't need to solve immediately. But that, I think, would be Hadi's part as we go through this. All right. Hassan, any questions? From you or do you think we're ready to go after the plan?

49:07 - hassan mir Yeah, Matthew, you have explained really well and all the details are enough for me today to perform the task. And in the end, I will try my best to link the PCFS with the relevant field and try to get the value as much as possible and try and try to come with the key points of that projects. Both of the projects you explained in depth and details. And if I need any information or any details, I would check the transcript of this meeting. So this is enough for today. And I think I can do my task with all the clarity from your side.

49:53 - Matthew Prisco Dwayne, then if we're gonna consider these two, then obviously we need to have either a copy or the template for AI audit would need to be linked to the PCF. Same thing, well, what do we have for, I guess the mega census 1.0 template or the transformation engine mapping that we had given, one or both of those should be linked as example documents. Try to give some thought to what we what we have that's associated with these two projects. All right, I'll take a look at them. Okay.

50:41 - Hadi Ur Rehman All right. I will end it there.

50:45 - hassan mir Thanks, guys.

50:46 - Hadi Ur Rehman Okay, guys.

50:47 - Unidentified Speaker Have a good day.

50:50 - Unidentified Speaker Oops.