Hadi, Elisha, Matt, Dwayne PM tools and workflow development 
Wed, May 21, 2025

0:02 - Dwayne Gibson Hey, Elisha.

0:04 - Unidentified Speaker Hey, Hadi.

0:06 - Unidentified Speaker How are you guys?

0:10 - Dwayne Gibson Hey, John. How are you doing? I'm good. You doing well?

0:18 - Hadi Ur Rehman Or what about your eye?

0:20 - Dwayne Gibson Yeah, having a little bit of trouble with my eye this morning. But I can still, this one is still good. So still good to go.

0:38 - Hadi Ur Rehman Matthew should be hopping on here any second.

0:42 - Unidentified Speaker That's really inspiring, man, that you're working.

0:46 - Elisha Abriham I really appreciate that. I wish you good health.

0:52 - Dwayne Gibson Thanks, guys. I have a doctor's appointment later on in the day, so I'm going to see after this meeting if they can move it up and take a look at the eye for me and hopefully get everything back to normal.

1:15 - Matthew Prisco Hopefully things will get normal early, so wish me luck and good health. Let's see, let Matthew know we are all here. We'll see you soon. You I'm taking notes on the meeting as we have it. I found that that helps. It helps extract more value from chat GPT when you give it a precision notes the meeting as well so okay well that's basically what we're doing is experimenting with different tactics to use our overall approach and and to refine it um then I would imagine that asking chat gpt first for the notes and then you could just revise those you don't even necessarily need to take them in real time but um do what whatever Well, the issue is that even read AI sometimes has issues attributing speech to the correct person.

4:01 - Dwayne Gibson So I think that that kind of degrades it relies on. So you're trying to give it more of the who said what. So it doesn't get to kind of block the topic, right? Like, you know, what are our next steps with PCF writer once this happens, you know?

4:21 - Dwayne Gibson I see.

4:22 - Matthew Prisco Okay. Well, it's an experiment. So, we've got Alicia and Hadi together for the first time. You guys have been working on different parts of this, but I feel like now the focus is on these tools, which Alicia's building some of the tools in N8N. Hadi's been working more in Airtable. And really to use these at scale we need to figure out how do we manage and launch the tools from Airtable to N8n. So that's what I was working on yesterday and I think I made enough progress that now it's at least clear to me the direction that this should go and really with how we can use the emerging principles of model context protocol, MCP, which is really allowing more interoperability between agents from different systems. Most companies are using a SAS tool or a platform for their CRM is in Salesforce, their customer support or it is in Zendesk. So MCP is a way for agents to communicate across platforms. But really what it comes down to is how do we make a package of the most relevant context and to be able to send that wherever it needs to go. In our case, we don't necessarily need to send it externally. But we still need to be thinking about how do we pull and package that context to be used inside of our own agents, inside of our own tools. So we had kind of the project management piece of this in the PCF table, that whole concept of project component feature. We had created a lot of records just kind of accumulated over time, but I finally went through last weekend and really organized them, not just so that the components and features are related to their projects and that there's a true hierarchy, but even so that there is a catalog system for which PCFs are at the top versus the bottom of that list. So right now, are done just by dragging. So I would think that if we sort or filter and then unfilter it, they will go back to the same order. But obviously we can't be messing with the order. Obviously if something is out of order or could be improved, that is a possibility. Like for example, I put all of the project management, master projects, PCFs, and tools at the very bottom because those don't relate to anything else in the core of the business. And then the core of the business is sort of like the intake processes at the top, our CRM stuff. I just wanted to put the intake at the top for whatever reason, but then the CRM, quoting, customer success, all of that kind of stuff. There's at least some thought that has gone into that. It doesn't mean that it For the tools we're talking about here, they're all at the bottom. There's still some PCFs that I didn't address at all or that they're more roadmap. I didn't want to bother putting them into really the two groupings are current and then the rest. So I started current as a way to just give, originally when I was starting with it, just pick the 20 or so that we're really, really working on now and let's focus on making good PCF records using the PCF writer for all of those. But then once I got started, it turned into let's get everything organized. So that is a big improvement over the status of that. Really, everybody needs to have this same attention to detail of what's out of order, what fields are not group together well. The whole table needs to make sense in the order of the fields, in the amount of space that we're giving based on the content of that field. If it's just a number and it's a short heading, make it as small as possible. Save room for the other stuff to be in the same view. We'd need everybody, you know, visually as you're going through the project base and anything for us, it needs to be to try to keep things organized because I'm not going to be able to spend every weekend and organize stuff. Now that we've got the direction for that, we need to keep with that momentum. In terms of the tools that we've been working on, and there's even more people working on different but I think that that Hadi and Alicia are core to the the projects base the master projects and the project management I've been looking at it kind of as a whole and that's really Dwayne's biggest task right now is to help us put together the pieces of the master projects base and the project management agents I guess I should should start calling them, or tools, and that they are all designed to run together. It really should be that for everything we've scoped, if we've had a meeting already, if we have what I'm calling a POC from CHAT GPT, the proof of concept for the PCF, I do that on my own when I'm How could I build this feature? Could be a web scraper, could be an N8N automation. How could I build this using these tools? And then it gives a pretty good, at least general approach. And the more context and the more instruction that I give in that initial cat GPT proof of concept, PCF POC, then I tend to share that with whoever else. And that really is the beginning of the PCF. So obviously we've been talking about the PCF writer using the PCF meeting, meaning now we're gonna talk to whoever's gonna be on that project, let's have a discussion, let's record it with Read, that can give even further instructions to the PCF, but I do think that we can generate the first draft of the PCF really based on the saved shared URL for the chat GPT discussion, the PCF POC. So then we've got the PCF meeting. We're going to need a tool to process all of our meetings. At this point, we've got meetings that are like this, that are with Read. Sometimes they're really geared towards one specific topic. We're exploring how important it is to whether the meeting is one topic, or if we could, if we told ChatGPT or our agent to assign the relevant parts of the discussion and give it the PCF list, I think it could do a decent job with the right prompt. So we're not really working on the meeting processing right now, but we would want to have that be a core part of the process so that every meeting or phone call that Duane records when we chat should produce key ideas that are going to be related to different PCFs, and then we can have, I think, the version of writing the PCF is the first one. Everything after that would be a revision prompt. So we already have a PCF record. Here's a new meeting. Here's some new, what I started to call constraints, key ideas that should be in their own column, manage the And if there's a change to the key points, then we could ask it to also update the PCF itself. We've been working on the project documentation, which I'm starting to see that called PRD. So now we've got a PCF, which is our own concoction. Seems to be the term that product managers use to refer to the product document. There may be different standards for this depending on the type of task. Is it code? How technical is it? But as a concept, we would have a PRD and we are getting some project managers to document some of our PCFs or projects to their own satisfaction so that we can look at what are the commonalities of those so we can standardize what our PRD writer could do. Once we have a product document, a PRD and a PCF, then the question becomes, how can we give the relevant context to these specialized tools based on the platform? So we've identified, we build stuff in software for portals. So Hadi's been working on the documentation structure for our softer portals. Each portal gets a table, each page on the portals get a table, and each block on each page. So we've got a three level structure. We could add a fourth to put fields on each block. I don't want to do that just yet, but I think that will end up happening. Just yesterday, It dawned on me that we shouldn't really be documenting these manually. Now we have a structure, an idea of what a prompt could do. So Alicia is actually working on the softer drafter. I've shortened that from softer block drafter. I think we can only do two words each. And I know they are cheesy names. It's kind of a joke to me at this point. We've got like the prompt prompter. And the, they're all just agents. So just indulge that I'm going to call them, but what we've been calling them, uh, you're going to say something, Alicia. Yeah, it's interesting.

16:09 - Elisha Abriham Like the naming that is, it doesn't matter if it's, that's why it's our, uh, our goals. Exactly.

16:17 - Matthew Prisco It just needs to be something short and it has to be something. So, so we've got the, the software drafter, the N8N Imaginator, the code generator, the prompt prompter, and the last piece, which we haven't really started on yet, but we need it for our intake process in particular, is we use Fillout, which is an advanced conditional form builder. So anything that's a complex interface with the user, since we're not building traditional software, we're using the forms to accomplish that. And the beauty of all of these notations is not just does it allow us to build or to prototype what we want to build, it allows us to document what we have already built. And at such time as we do want to go from no code to code, change our stack, the documentation is going to be critical to being able to build that quickly or to rebuild that on the code side. I don't know when we will hit that tipping point, but either way, I think we've stumbled upon a best practice of this level of abstraction where even if it was coded, You wouldn't want to give the code to your tools every time. You would need to give some distillation of the code, which for us is our softer format. The fill out one is we've just started on that today. We had already done something like that just to try to organize our planning. Now I see that it's really the same concept that we've N8n, Afalabi is really taking the lead on that one for now. Obviously, I would think Alicia could build that one, but I didn't want to bring Afalabi into this whole process because he's really helping us with the business facing N8n automations. I'm learning a lot about N8n. Doesn't quite function the way that it would seem on the surface level to non-technical people. Probably I'm not telling Alicia, maybe Hadi, anything that they wouldn't already know, but it's the JSON tool. Everything that's in N8n is really just, it's just to visualize the JSON code so we can download Whatever we build, when we do want to document the N8n, workflows will be one table, N8n nodes will be another. Maybe we'll need one more table, but we'll be able to just download the code from whatever we've built and have it document that. The N8n Imaginator will give us the code and the documented version of it for workflow and nodes so that all you need to do, as I understand it, is you paste the JSON into N8n in whichever workflow you're working in, and now it appears. So we don't even need to manually add a node, configure it with the inputs. That would be incredible if we build the N8n Imaginator to where it gives us the exact JSON to at least import it, and then all we need to do is fine-tune it from there, that's amazing. Same principle would apply for the softer side. I'd seen a YouTube video. Really, it was for N8n. Somebody saying, just take a screenshot of your N8n workflow, and Claude can rebuild it or whatever. On the n8n side, I would guess that a better way to document especially the UI Anything typographical colors Spacing is going to be for sure much more efficient and maybe even much more I don't know about accurate, but it just seems like when we do get to that point We would want to take a screenshot of each page page, possibly isolate each block so there's no confusion, and then give that to our software documenter. For each of these, we would want to see, do we use the same workflow branch for N8n to do both generating perspective workflows as well to have it take our current code, draft it, and then we would approve it. So that's another key point here is maybe with the exception of the PCF writer at the beginning, we need to have this more that it prepares the context and then the user paste that into their own chat GPT, their own LLM, ask it some questions, verify some things, and then say, if there were any changes, please give me the final version. And we need the prompt to have clear expectations of what does that look like in either CSV or JSON. So that we can send the final approved version or really the final draft version into the softer tables in the case of the softer drafter or What is the final json that we're gonna paste into an 8n?

22:49 - Dwayne Gibson so the same even with that version do you have a Vision on the interface and interacting with these workflows because we can't really take the necessary steps to iterate on this building process without being able to interact with, test these workflows.

23:11 - Matthew Prisco Testing the workflow means generating the prompt with the context, whether that gets put back into the prospect portal or, I mean, this is something that I can conceptualize. But we're going to have to see what that looks like, The general point is that prompt plus context, we just want to put that in one spot. That could be put into a chat GPT box and goes to the API as one possibility, and then you would talk with it inside of the project portal. I'm okay with that, it seemed like when we tried that before, we weren't getting great results. So it may be easier to just put a large text block with the prompt and the context that was requested, send it inside of the project portal, and then the user would be able to copy and paste that to wherever they want to talk to their LLM of choice.

24:22 - Dwayne Gibson So when we are giving the context to the LLM for the initial time, like using PCF Rider Agent, if we have a meeting that we want to augment a PCF with, we would do that inside of the project portal interface that you're describing. Then when it gives us back the revised PCF, if we want to continue that, we would throw it into a personal GPT UI and continue it from there? I don't think it was quite that way.

24:56 - Matthew Prisco So, maybe if I start with the first step, it'll start to make more sense. So, to use all of these tools, we need to be thinking about what is the interface, even to say what tool, what context do I want or not want. That gets into a whole other discussion about an MCP principle called namespaces. That is a weird sounding term, but the idea is packages of context that are specific for the task that you need to complete. For us to do it in Airtable, I think we may need to use a slightly different approach or a combination of approaches. But the fact that our PCF table is already going to be linked to most of the relevant context would be related documents, linked AI prompts. The product document itself would be a linked document. So it may be easy for us to select that context. So, what I'm picturing is what I already built and probably shared on maybe Alicia's channel, but not on Hadi's, is a fill-out form so that Dwayne or our project team would say, I want to make a context or tool request, pick the tool, pick the PCF, and then it will have configurations of the available context, do you want to include that or not? So essentially, each of our different tools needs to have a similar flow. I don't know if it can be all on the same branch, or if we want to really have N8n, Softr, each be their own flow, they would use at least the same starting point, which is tell it the tool so it can find it on the single N8n. It's definitely on the same workflow canvas. That's a general principle. I haven't checked myself, but Dwayne had mentioned that maybe Alicia's made multiple workflows for these different tools. They need to end up back onto one. If there are any problems with testing while some are active or not, it hasn't been a problem for off-lobby, so that would be the best resource is to talk to him about why we're putting as many workflows as we can on one canvas. But at this point, it would be a question of do we have one starting point for all of these tools, then from this request form, which is really a table that I've started, it's not perfect by any means, but the concept could be Filling out the form creates a record on the test run or the tool run table and That goes to n8n and then it follows the path based on first the tool that was selected Then based on the PCF I think it would even have the ability to select multiple PCFs if you want to include even more context And then you would be able to easily pick, you would say, I want some, I want the PCF, I want the PRD, I want some meetings in addition to, you know, to get the full transcript from certain meetings. I think that the way we can do it and fill out is if you say you want meetings, it can then show you a list of all of the meetings that have been linked to that PCF. To make it easy to say, oh, I just want the last two meetings from that. Ideally, we want to avoid over bloating or putting too much context in the context windows. So unless you have a real reason to include certain meetings, you can probably run this without it. Or sample code for the code generator. We may pick some random piece of code just to help it. So we need some flexibility to do that on the code generator. Each of the tools is also going to rely on a best practices guide, which would also go into the context window every time. So we want to try to create these documents, but also make them, you know, as short as possible. We don't want to just have the document go on and on, but to get our key points about what the tools are inside of N8n, what is each node, how do we typically use it. I would think that Chad GPT can generate the initial version of these guides and then we can try to refine them over time. But the consistent principle N8n, softer, fill out, we can have our current best practices guide. Same thing for anything we're coding with Python or anything else. And that that would be a standard part of using whichever tool gets selected, it would need to bring in that document. So I know that's a lot, but that's the beauty of recording this is now we can go back to this and hopefully have everybody be able to you know come to understand the whole flow just maybe kind of show of hands maybe Dwayne first do you have any key questions or things that maybe are making sense to me and I assume might make sense but I know there's a lot of concepts here that are just new to the world. This is what's going on in AI today.

31:22 - Dwayne Gibson So for me, the main questions are the flow of data. So this fill out form helps a lot. So let me just say my understanding back to you, and then you can correct any misunderstanding. We have a fill out form. So let's say I want to use the PCF writer to create a new PCF from this meeting. Meeting. So the first thing I do is I create the PCF record and name it. Then I would go to this fill out form and I, since the context is a meeting, I would select the tool PCF writer. I would link the PCF feature to it for context select meeting and then I would select the meeting and I would also select the AI prompt and for PCFWriter at least the initial version that would create the first set of data to enter the fields. Tomorrow you and I have another conversation and some of the data changes. Now I go to the form to the fill out form. I select PCF writer and the context is the recorded phone call and I select that as the PCF and give it and it will be a different in it in workflow for the meeting.

32:51 - Matthew Prisco The meeting one when it's just a specific meeting. I think that's a separate sort of world. That's not a tool. That's how do we process our meetings. So we don't need to give that context. We just need process the meeting, and then ask whether we want it to update anything based on the meeting, or just get it in, labeled, summarize anything that we want to put in the meeting table. That's the meeting side of it. The step that would go even before, this is a PCF meeting, by the way. I don't know what we will call this, but this is the MCP engine or MCP logic. I doubt I put that in there because it's a new term to me. But what I did over the weekend was I used ChatGPT. I was asking for MCP ideas. We use Airtable. We use N8N. We're building automations for each of these tools, etc. So, Dwayne, I could try to find one of my conversations and give it to you as the PC You generate the PCF using the PCF writer. Then we would say, now we had a meeting that is gonna be able to eliminate some of the assumptions that chat GPT made that I didn't say you're wrong here, fix this, what's our final plan? I just let it do its thing. That's enough for the initial PCF. Then when we have what me and Dwayne sometimes called the PCF meeting, which is this, that's really the first time that we would use the PCF on a, you know, where it's been vetted and approved and we want to rely on it for other uses. In this case, then the next use, which may not be that important here, would be a PRD. More detail, what do we actually need to do? At the, I guess this would be a component, maybe? Dwayne? Each of the tools is a feature, I think. So, we would definitely need more documentation about how does the N8N Automator work or the n8n imaginator work. How does the software drafter work? How does the code generator work? I think those are each features that we would also generate a pcf for just the basic information and then to generate the prd The product document is where having field mappings having the data dictionary having things that are specific to that to that task or that project would be helpful context so we need to build into this overall engine do we want data dictionary field mappings to also go into the context window mostly when we're doing the product document the PRD, and then for sure, we would use the PRD in conjunction with the data dictionary, the best practices guide for that tool, possibly our existing portal. So in the case of the software drafter, we would give it all of our data to that same portal. So the pages and the blocks for that portal should also be brought into the context window.

36:55 - Dwayne Gibson I think another point of value that we can get on this meeting is that one sentence descriptor that we're temporary filling in as objective for each of these tools is recorded on the meeting because I thought that is the key starting point.

37:14 - Matthew Prisco Like it's Is way better than I am at that so Let's just see what it says, and if we don't like it, then I'll rack my brain otherwise.

37:23 - Dwayne Gibson I'm gonna We'll find out if it does what I would it You know what the AI gets paid to do So you think we have enough data right now in this meeting for AI to come up with a one sentence description of the innate and imaginator or that we have enough of information in this meeting to disrupt the world economy?

37:44 - Matthew Prisco I'm being sarcastic, but yes, I think it can come up with a decent one sentence. Okay, fine. I'll put that on my task list for after the meeting.

37:57 - Dwayne Gibson I will have it generate all of this and I'll post it where we can all give feedback on it and make any adjustments that we need. So I'll go through, we have, I think like five, I like this form that you put together as a good interface. We have PCF writer, code generator, software drafter, PRD writer, and N8N imaginator. Yeah.

38:20 - Matthew Prisco Um, another one that, that I'd mentioned a few times, but it's not the one that always comes to mind is the prompt prompter. So if we need to create a prompt as a part of an N8N workflow or as a part of some other tool, we would have something that can, one, take the context, take the PCF, take whatever else we want to include, and come up with a basic prompt. Then we would be able to say, here's our existing prompt, let's try to revise it. So with all of this stuff, there's a concept of initial drafting, and then the ability to have it say, this is the current, do you suggest any changes? And then the those need to be sort of minimized, where we would need to tell it in these revision nodes in N8N, don't change anything that doesn't need to be changed. Only the specific things that have been proposed and in as few word changes as possible. Something like that is, I think, going to be important to making this scalable. We don't want the entire product document getting rewritten every time we have a meeting with some new information.

39:39 - Dwayne Gibson Also, that creates another tool that we need to put on the list is the meeting separator.

39:49 - Matthew Prisco So if these general meetings be broken down into each individual topic and stored somewhere ready to be processed like I think it's a long text field on the meeting itself that is linked to or that we're giving that prompt the up-to-date list of PCFs and maybe some other fields from the PCF table. That's going to make a difference in the performance of trying to separate the meeting and match what's relevant to each PCF. I don't think it's going to be perfect, But I think it's going to make Dwayne's life a lot easier.

40:32 - Dwayne Gibson It's kind of what the first version of the PCF writer did when we gave it a meeting with multiple topics and didn't tell it what the PCF in question was. It spit out a list of seven different PCFs from that meeting. We're just refining that a little bit. So I think that can be a good starting point Elijah that we can build because I think a lot is going to depend on having that context to build out all of these tools Having it available.

41:06 - Matthew Prisco Mm-hmm Alicia just from from your standpoint. I just want to make sure that it's clear about we're gonna try to Put together the prompt in the context. We're at this point Not looking at putting it right back into air table and that we'll need to design with with Hadi and whoever else needs to help how do we put this form and you know create a better version of this form or a more complete version uh create the form and fill out and then launch it through the prospect portal which is going to be a page that's only accessible to this team for right now um and we could decide are certain tools available to other people, or is this really just the product team? But we need to build that page. And then I would think that the prompt and the context can be sent back to that page. So it would be on the test run, the tool run record. So the Airtable is going to create that record and then Once the context is prepared, it can put it on the tool run table, and then that can be easy to copy and paste unless we want to actually put an LLM kind of API back and forth into the project portal.

42:40 - Elisha Abriham Is that clear from Alicia's standpoint? Yeah, like I was looking at the fill off and I think we are a good point like you'll have the main agent that can understand this after we submitting so you will understand which tool we are talking about and what kind of things we have to like context we have given. Right. So it will then call that specific tool or that specific workflow flow to do this job and to get the result back. And we can use that result. We can send back the result to the portal, I think.

43:29 - Matthew Prisco Right. Sending the context to the portal. And then the product team will either have a further LLM conversation inside the portal. Or for now, I think it really is better just copy and paste it to your own chat GPT or Claude or anything you want. And then we would try at the end of that conversation, ask for the data in the format that we would need it to be able to paste it back into the right Airtable table, either in the PCF table, or it could be lead a strategy if it's one of the specific tools.

44:18 - Elisha Abriham Yeah, I think one thing you've mentioned, Matthew, was the POC or something. I was thinking like when you create the PCFs at the first time, I haven't understand how you do that. So I think I've got the point, like, you have the POC, then you generate from that POC the PCF. So at this time, the PCF writer was using, like, it will take the PCF you have generated from that POC, and that relates the meetings related with this PCF, then it will be another. Give the draft of the another PCF but one thing you have added on the fill out is like we will select the meeting and we will give like if we are using if we want to use the PCF writer so we will select PCF writer then we will give the meeting as a context then it will analyze based on that meeting and right so how How we, like, we have, our current workflow assumes we have the meetings already on the Airtable, like, if you go. Yeah, I see where you're going with that.

45:51 - Matthew Prisco So in terms of what we are going to do after this meeting, I'm going to find the chat GPT conversation I had, and I will share it with Dwayne on everybody's channels, probably we should make sure that Hadi is on Alicia's channel, probably makes sense. I'm gonna add him now. Okay, so we'll share it there, but I think Dwayne can be the one to run it first, to just using the prompt, give the PCF writer prompt the the conversation from chat GPT, and it can create the PCF that way. So I think it's just a matter of taking the PCF writer from assuming that it's going to send the output to the air table immediately, it's going to be more about taking the new meeting, have a conversation, and then the user will ask for a final version. And then we can have an automation that sends the version to the table. But I think it's going to need that human in the loop.

47:18 - Dwayne Gibson Matthew, so the fill out, that fill out form is going to be popping, like, I'm going to interact with that from the project portal, right? And then I'm going to get my feedback from the tool.

47:31 - Matthew Prisco The URL for that, we'll have to see, is it, and probably that one needs to be, it creates a new record every time you submit it. Sometimes with fill out, it's an update where we create the record and then it just updates it. In this case, I think you just get a new form every time and you tell it which tool, which PCF or PCFs. I think there'll be times when to give it multiple, then it should allow you to pick only the meetings or only the resources that are linked to those PCFs, which now explains why it's important that we're linking everything to make it easy to filter and to customize what you want to have on that. I think this is even more advanced than like with the namespaces. The idea is that you would have a package that's always the same. This allows us to really customize what context we want every single time. So I'm excited to see what that looks like when we start using it. Okay, so Hadi, you get maybe the last word for anything to clarify anything that I'm making assumptions that it's clear. Cause it's clear to me now. That's the first step is I was working on this. It wasn't clear to me. Now it's clear. That's why I wanted to have the meeting, get everybody up, up to speed.

49:04 - Hadi Ur Rehman And now it's how fast can we, can we build it? Uh, so yeah, I was connected at the start and then I just got disconnected, uh, because of some electricity problems. But yes, I think most of the things are clear about the PCS and then we have provided the clear direction. Fortunately, I have the Firefly connected so I will just need to look for the meeting node again. Just know of the whole process because I think I was disconnected for seven to eight minutes. So I can just tell the things in the chat and I just noticed that when I didn't meet the Alicia said, well, yeah. And that when, uh, then, uh, I was listening, so everything was clear according to the PCS, your purpose with that. And yeah, I'm excited to. Okay.

50:01 - Matthew Prisco And then last thing that I guess kind of applies to both of you guys is just to be mindful of when Dwayne's working is 10 Eastern time. Too late in his day beyond when you guys would still be up. But really, let's try to make updates for the beginning of when he's starting. When you're done, send a summary. Because we didn't bring up the Slack summarizer here, but that's its own tool. That's something that we need to work into everybody's freelancer process. And it starts with the project and the product team.

50:41 - Elisha Abriham Okay. Can I ask you, Matthew, the final question? So, you have mentioned that on the JotForm we can select PCFs, not one PCF. Is there any relation between any PCFs, like two or three PCFs? And what will be the goal of using the PCFs together? What kind of a response do you expect from that?

51:15 - Matthew Prisco I think we should try to make it so that if it would be a question of, do you want to include the project's PCF? So we are working on the feature. The feature would be N8N Imaginator is going to be a feature. Do we want to include also the PCF content for the project? Master projects or do we want also the the PCF content for whatever these tools are so we need to look at what's our structure of the level above the two levels above so it would be easy to say for this one I don't care about the PCF for the project I just want the PCF for for the feature. So I think it would be good to have the ability to pick which PCF records we want. Presumably it would be for the related ones, but we might find that we've got a feature here that also would benefit from putting the PCF context of an unrelated PCF.

52:29 - Dwayne Gibson So something I see that could be added to the form that to be added is either replacing the meetings with the chunks from the meeting. So instead of adding an entire meeting, we're adding just the extracted PCF section. So if there's seven different PCFs, we only need this one topic in the form, either that or a open text field to tell it with PCF to pay attention.

52:57 - Matthew Prisco I think the reality is we're not going to use meetings that much. So, we don't want to put a lot of stuff in the context window. So, we would be using the constraints document that doesn't exist that we're not ready for yet. But I think that when we're running these tools, we're really not going to put meetings as often and we're definitely not going to put the unstructured 20 topic meetings. But I see where you're coming from I just don't think it's going to come up as much.

53:30 - Dwayne Gibson Got it. So circle back around really quick. We still have, is this still a structure for PCF writer is the multiple inputs. We have our preferred creation, which would be POC, but we also have the ability for the project manager to create it from his memory. Right?

53:50 - Matthew Prisco Right. To start the record. To start the record from memory.

53:55 - Dwayne Gibson And the least favored is to start the record from an isolated PCF meeting? Yeah. Okay.

54:01 - Matthew Prisco I mean, I think we just got to work through that in what it's like going through the process. And doing it manually for a few of them is totally fine. So let's not get, let's not get too fixated on how to automate everything. If anything, I want there to be, you know, see each step of the process, have to decide, should we do it this that way, but we'll get there. I think there's a pretty clear path, at least from what I'm seeing. And it seems like most of you guys are in agreement that all these things fit together. There's a plan here. This is gonna allow us to do amazing things. So I'm excited to kind of have this be the core of the team. So I'm looking at this as, I'm, you know, talking to Dwayne every day. We're having conversations about a lot of stuff, but I'm going to be following this closely, but we've got a lot of other projects going on too. So please, you know, lean on Dwayne and also be aware if you write a message in the middle of the night, I'm going to see it first and I'm going to respond, but try to gear that towards when Dwayne is working and, and Dwayne vice versa to, to up them ahead of when they're going to be working.

55:25 - Dwayne Gibson So guys, remember, I don't know if you guys are aware of this feature with Slack, but right next to the send button is a down arrow and it allows you to schedule a message. So if you have an update or a request that you need me to accomplish when I start my working day, you can just schedule that. It doesn't even have to be exactly when. The more active I see the message as it pops up while I'm working, it catches my attention first. So if I wake up and I have 13 messages to go through, it's going to take me a while to go back through each one. So your message may be lost in the stack. If it comes in as I start working, it catches my attention faster. So that's always a better method to schedule your message instead of sending it in the Okay.

56:16 - Matthew Prisco Noted. Okay.

56:17 - Matthew Prisco All right, let's end it there guys but this was, this was a good meeting I'm glad I got this off my chest. And now we can get some other help from some other people off a lobby is going to be helping harsher is going to be helping. But I think this is the core team that that I want to work on all of the pieces of this and putting them together. Okay.

56:43 - Unidentified Speaker All right.

56:45 - Matthew Prisco Talk to you.

56:48 - Unidentified Speaker Bye guys.